An abstract class can't be instantiated while a concrete one can. Also abstract
class is one that has one or more pure virtual function but a concrete class has
no pure virtual functions.
It is because Product class definition publicly inherit from the interface 
iProduct. And SavingsAccount or ChequingAccount classes definitions publicly 
inherit from the Product.
If there is no declared virtual destructor, the compiler decides to bind 
directly to the destructor, regardless of the value runtime type. Declares a 
virtual destructor so that the correct destructor is called for a particular 
instance of the type hierarchy of that type. This ensures that the instance is 
properly cleaned up by the function that has the most knowledge of the instance.
Function overrides occur when a class is inherited from another class. 
Overriding is required if the derived class function is added to the base class 
function or needs to do something else. Overloading can occur without 
inheritance. Overloading is used to use the same name function that behaves 
differently depending on the parameter passed. In the case of shadowing, you can 
create a shadow in a derived class using the new keyword for the same virtual 
member, and call the above implementation to call the base class implementation 
when there is a reference to an object of the base class type, and if the 
reference has the same This method is called when a member is invoked with a 
reference of the base type or derived type, by invoking the object, a derived 
type implementation, so that the base class and the derived class implementation 
are hidden from each other.
